i'm jim from boa marine today we're
taking a first look at the new wet
sounds a s10 freestanding subwoofer so
often we get to a boat where the
customer wants us to mount a big 10 inch
subwoofer and there's nowhere to put it
because you need a big flat area to
flush mount those things well wet sounds
came out with this new a s10
freestanding subwoofer with a full
enclosure here that you can actually
bolt down so if you look down here at
this unit you can see there's a flange
on each side and so you can actually
bolt this in place and what they have in
mind is that you put it in maybe the
center console of a boat or possibly
under a bench seat or maybe in the salon
under a under a countertop or any
compartment where you otherwise in both
where you're otherwise kind of fit one
of these big 10 inch subwoofers in a
flat spot on a bulkhead so what we have
here is a metal grill with what sounds
awesome tenant subwoofer the case is all
composite and this thing is sturdy it
weighs about 25 pounds it has the
built-in amplifier so if you look on the
back here you can see all the amplifier
controls so really all you do is connect
power to it and connect your RCA cables
and you instantly have a subwoofer so
it's a very easy installation
in fact what sounds gives you this
little electrical block here so you can
put your heavy gauge wires in the ear
and quickly snap that in place so this
will make removing this amplifier simple
if you're ready to send it back they
give you this remote bass control knob
and this plugs in right here and you can
mount this up under somewhere it's got a
couple mounting holes on the sides it's
not waterproof so be sure to keep this
somewhere in a dry place
and they give you an RCA cable with
their proprietary connector here to plug
right into the amplifier on the back of
the amp we have our gain knob crossover
bass boost you have your phase input
level and the auto turn on so you can
have it going automatically from the
stereo so there's a couple built-in
fuses here so if you are like so many
people have a boat where you can't fit a
subwoofer this is your ticket this is
wet sounds a s10 and we have them here
at BOE Marine thank you
you